# The American Life
## Topic: Turkey in a Face Mask
stories of people changing their mind
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/724/personal-recount

## Listen Process
17:47/47.31 
## New Words

1. skeptical adj. 怀疑的

Ms. Walters gives her this skeptical look, like, give me a break, and cuts to commercial.

2. grease n. 动物油脂

you've got to listen to the sound of the grease. 

3. demonstrate v. 论证，证明

shuffled the order of the recordings to play for Verta to demonstrate, once and for all, was it true? 

4. roll v. 滚动

Let's roll. And our listeners at home can play along with us here. Let's roll the first little sample sound.

5. crusty n. 皮脆的

When all those little balls are forming on the bottom, those little, nice, crusty--

6. labor-intensive adj. 劳动密集型

Oh, it's a serious-- it's a labor-intensive thing.

7. ingredients n. 配料

we know that she's holding back on ingredients.

8. improvisation n.即兴创作

It's improvisation and it's art. 

9. quest n. 追寻
   heads out 出发

somebody heads out on a quest, either to figure something out or to do something very differently with food than most of us do. 

10. eccentric adj. 古怪的
    set out 规划，展现，开始。

Ben Calhoun, set out on a mission much more eccentric and labor-intensive than figuring out if a chicken is done by listening to the sound. 

11. process v. 处理，加工

A while ago, he was visiting a pork processing plant in Oklahoma. 

. artificial calamari 人工鱿鱼

12. squeeze v. 挤压

people are squeezing lemon wedges over crispy, golden rings and dipping the rings into marinara sauce, 

13. chew v. 咀嚼

Now they're chewing, satisfied and deeply clueless. 

14. blissful adj. 充满喜悦的

It's payback for our blissful ignorance about where our food comes from.

15. decline v. 拒绝
    suspicious adj. 可疑地

to tape an interview and give his name here on the radio, he very politely declined, which seems suspicious

16. speculate v.猜测

But he just didn't know much about whatever happened after it left the door, so he could only speculate. 

17. inspection n.检查

The USDA's food inspection service issued the following statement to me.

18. substitution n. 替代
    rampant adj. 无法控制的

In other words, seafood substitution is rampant in this country. 

19. ultimately adj.最终
    offense n. 进攻，反感

But ultimately, he said, the regulation we have is not designed to catch an offense like this. 


## prases
in charge of 负责

derived from 由..衍生而来

Products we inspect, including those derived from pork, must be accurately labeled and cannot purport to be a product of another species."

pull off n. 努力实现，赢得

if you could pull off the switch. And as best as I can tell, were you to do this, you would not be caught.



