# The American Life
## Topic: Audience of One
About films.
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/717/transcript

## Listen Process
14:35/56.07 
## New Words

- genre adj. 风俗的
eg: It's part of an entire genre of films.

- cable adj. 有线的
eg: Even cable TV was rare back then.

- loop n. 循环
eg: The way that I remember it is that the hotel just had this movie on a loop.

- vaguely adj. 模糊的
eg: That sounds vaguely familiar to me. 

- parody v. 拙劣的模仿
eg: Leslie Nielsen-- who, at this point, had not made the career transition to parodying characters like this captain.

- surf v. 冲浪
eg: I've surfed up to 18 feet, but these look more like 30.

- cheesy adj. 下等的
eg: Those lines. So cheesy.

- stun v. 使震惊
eg:  One thing that kind of stunned me and I did not expect seeing the film again was how much of the dialogue I remember from decades ago. 

- corny adj. 平淡的，过时的
eg: I know his corny response before he says it.

- rebellious adj. 反叛的
- priest n. 神父
- theological adj. 神学的
- capsize v.翻船

eg: These big ideas are provided by Gene Hackman, who plays a rebellious young priest in a turtleneck, whose big theological idea is a very conveniently helpful one for people who are about to be capsized in the middle of the ocean.

- gut n. 胆量
eg: Have the guts to fight for yourself. 

- quitters
eg：He wants winners, not quitters. If you can't win, at least try to win!

- rally v. 重整
- idealistic adj.有利的

- wreckage n. 残骸
- convince v. 使确信，说服
eg:In the wreckage of the upside down New Year's party, Gene Hackman convinces only eight passengers that they shouldn't stay and wait for God to send rescuers, but climb with him to safety.

- creep v. 爬行
- fiery adj.燃烧般的

- intact adj.完整的
eg: finding it intact and exactly how I remembered it.

- portal n. 入口
eg: The Poseidon Adventure is a portal back to that vacation.

- pandemic n. 流行病
eg: So back when the pandemic first took hold, a lot of people were watching or re-watching the movie Contagion.

- respiratory droplets 呼吸飞沫

eg: It's about a deadly and fast-spreading virus that is spread by respiratory droplets, goes around the world.

- scratch n. 抓痕
- itch n. 痒

eg:And I think we watch films like that or read books about the 1918 flu because it just scratches this itch, where we just want some way to think about what we're going through right now.







## phrases
have strong attachments to 有强烈的依恋