# The American Life
## Topic: The Magic Show
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/619/transcript

## Listen Process
29:22/58.53
## New Words

- blow v. 风吹
eg: And it blew my mind, these books.

- hostile adj. 怀有敌意的
eg: Who are you, he asked. It wasn't hostile. 


- trick n. 戏法
eg: When you bought a trick, they took you to this special table in the back room and sat you down. 

- tilt v. 倾斜
eg: how to tilt your hand, how to turn your body.

- sophomore adj. 第二年
eg: I did my act from 7th grade through my sophomore year of high school.

- carve v. 雕刻
eg: so many times it got kind of carved into me. I could have probably performed it word for word and move for move up through my 30s. 

- plumber n. 水管工
eg: It would be more amazing if they walked up to you and handed you a card that said "Certified Plumber."

- adorable adj. 可爱的，值得崇拜的
eg: And it was probably adorable to have this little magician come over in his three-piece suit and do tricks for your kid's birthday.

- sleight n. 手法，技法
- corny adj. 过时的，陈旧的
eg: I know I was doing these store-bought tricks and beginners-level sleight of hand in a tuxedo and bow tie and a cape with a bright red lining. And what I remember of the act, some of it is pretty corny.

- perspective n. 观点
eg: And you know, there are things about our past that we'll never fully get into proper perspective.

- spiel n. 高谈阔论
eg: And not only that, you had a spiel, of course, that went with it.

- cape n. 披风
eg: And it was a very professional way of wearing the cape.

- conjure v. 用魔术变出
eg: But after David and I realized our common conjuring careers as Magical Mystifier and Master Magician.

- mesmerize v. 使入迷
eg: The equipment itself was kind of mesmerizing, 

- intricate v. 错综复杂
- psychological adj. 心理学的
- ingenious adj. 设计灵巧的

eg: About how intricate and psychological and ingenious what they do is. 

- witness v. 目击
eg: And I wanted to finally witness the dark beating heart of where magic comes from. 

- intrigue v. 激起好奇心
eg: There was this old effect that he was intrigued by.

- amateur adj.业余的
eg: an amateur magician who made his living as a loanshark. 


- repurpose v. 重新改造
eg: and repurpose it into something original.

- vanished adj. 消失的
eg: The book had vanished.

- astounding adj. 使人震惊的
eg: The level of detail that he provided was astounding. 

- audible adj. 听的见的
eg: You're actually catching the sound of it, which is not normally audible to an audience member.

- intricate adj. 错中复杂的
eg: just by an intricate way that the thread is interlaced in the fingers.

- obsessed adj. 着迷的
eg: I was just obsessed with it.

- propel v. 推进，驱使
eg: It's less clear what's propelling it.


## phrases

- remind sb of sth 让某人想起
