# The American Life
## Topic: The Magic Show
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/726/transcript

## Listen Process
19:40/41.12
## New Words

- mumbly adj. 笨拙的
- understated adj. 朴素的
- flair n. 天资天分

eg: I think the 25-year-old me would find this intro that I'm doing right now to the story to be kind of mumbly and understated

- eavesdropping n.偷听

eg: So I didn't say anything about Cary to Betty at the time. I was just eavesdropping. 


- vaguely adv.含糊的，不明确的
- stumbling adj. 磕磕绊绊的
- clunky adv. 沉重的

eg:  I was vaguely stumbling on my way to making the radio show that you are listening to right this second, where people come on and tell personal stories. But at 25, all the moves I make are really clunky. 

- didactic adj. 说教的
eg: when I try to point out some bigger idea from the story, it could not be more didactic.

- sheer adj. 完全的，十足的
- kickoff n. 开始

eg:And also, by my sheer desire to entertain. This story was the kickoff to a series of stories about awkward encounters between people with disabilities and non-disabled people. 

- tales n. 故事

eg: Tales of embarrassment and inappropriate behavior 

- freelancer n. 自由作家
- temp adj. 临时工的

eg: I was a freelancer, and I was so slow at making radio stories that, to earn money, I also worked as a temp secretary. 

- crank out 摇动
- gem n. 宝石

eg: And I would hear the NPR reporters that I admired the most cranking out these perfect little gems of stories in a day or two. 

- stake n. 奖金

eg: except in a job where the stakes are higher, right?


- profile n. 个人资料

eg: I came across a profile in The New York Times this summer 

- consequential adj. 重要的

eg: who had a job that seemed very consequential, way more consequential than any I've had. 

- brag v. 自夸

eg: Not to brag-- no, I'm just saying that-- I won Best to Bring Home to Mom and Dad in high school.

- superlative n. 最高级

eg: That was a superlative in my yearbook. 

- headquarters n. 总部

eg: she was living in New York City with her roommate and commuting to the suburbs for work at Regeneron's headquarters. 

- cocktail n. 混合物
- antibodies n. 抗体
- neutralize v. 使失效，抵消

eg: The idea was to make a cocktail of different antibodies to neutralize the virus.


- assignment n. 任务

eg: But she was busy with her own assignments, until one nigh

- shuttle n. 穿梭巴士

eg:  I didn't realize that one day would probably be a lot longer than just one day of taking the later shuttle.

- undertaking n. 工作
eg: it was just like a pretty huge undertaking.

- weird adj. 古怪的，离奇的
eg: I felt really weird leaving the city. I felt weird.


- prioritize v. 优先

eg:  it felt really hard to prioritize what, at the time, was just my job, just putting my job before a lot of things that I normally prioritize. 

- hysterically adv.歇斯底里地

eg: I just started hysterically crying, which is really dramatic,

- stick with v. 坚持
- analogy n. 类比

eg: I guess, to stick with the sports analogy.


- fluctuate v. 波动，起伏

eg: I think I can fluctuate between thinking I am a god.
