# The American Life
## Topic: Lights, Camera, Christmas!
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/728/transcript

## Listen Process
28:26/57.49
## New Words

- fuzzy adj. 毛绒的

eg: So I wanted like another animal that is fuzzy and it walks around.

- thrilled adj.激动的

eg: And, of course, she was thrilled. 

- scratch v. 抓

eg： that lasted about an hour before I just noticed she was scratching her forearms a lot.

- hives n. 寻麻疹
- be allergic to 过敏

eg: And she said that they were hives. I was allergic to my guinea pig.

- deterred v.打消

eg: They were big, red blotches the size of silver dollars. Pirecua, however, would not be deterred.

- hostage n. 人质

eg: It looks like she's taken the guinea pig hostage or something.

- gritty adj. 刚强的
- garage n. 车库

eg: This wasn't an airbrushed "ho, ho, ho" Christmas but a darker, grittier one, like that one year when Colin was seven and his dad sent him to the garage for some firewood.

- swear v. 发誓

eg: I swear, I heard some bells.

- lean v. 倾斜

eg: but where he talked quietly enough that the whole room was silent, and you had to lean in.

- intimate adj. 亲密的
- immerse v.专注的，侵入的

eg: And it was that weird, intimate-- you're just immersed in whatever he was saying.


- anticipate v. 预感

eg: And so every Christmas, the family spent hours combing over the details of Jeko and their visitors, comparing them to previous Christmases, anticipating the next.

- incarnation n. 人体化

eg:  And he's one of many-- the Santa Claus incarnations. 


- calibrated adj. 标准化的

eg: The details were perfectly calibrated, as only people who know you as well as your parents can get just right. 

- perpetuate v.使永久记住

eg: And to know that my parents were responsible for allowing me to perpetuate something that made me a liar and a laughingstock.

- intricacy adj. 错综复杂
- perpetrate v. 做坏事

eg: it was the intricacy and the planning of, like, you spent seven years, or 10 years, perpetrating a lie that was so deep and complex.

- cynical adj. 愤世嫉俗的

eg: Do you feel like it made you cynical?

- hypothesize v. 假设

eg: You could hypothesize. But that's you, because the magic is too powerful. 



## phrases

- peek out 偷偷看

eg: And in the winter gloves is the little guinea pig peeking out from her hands.

- be devoted to 专心的，恩爱的

eg: Pirecua is devoted to Luna still-- lets it run around her room, makes sure it's fed. 

- prop up v. 支撑

eg: she would prop up on her desk at the beginning of every school day facing her.

- freak sb out 使...震惊

eg: And I heard some bells, and it freaked me out.

-  blowing on sth 吹动

eg: And literally, when he broke out bones and started blowing on them, we were like, oh my god. This is crazy.