# The American Life
## Topic: Lights, Camera, Christmas!
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/728/transcript

## Listen Process
28:26/57.49
## New Words
- delight n.高兴

eg: The Show of Delights

- combative adj. 好事的，好战的
- radical adj. 基本的
- counterprogramming adj. 竞争性的

eg: In these dark, combative times, we attempt the most radical counterprogramming we could imagine: a show made up entirely of stories about delight.

- atypical adj. 反常的
- impeachment n. 控告

eg: it's a month that doesn't feel that atypical-- we have impeachment hearings

- sitcom n. 情景喜剧

eg: I watched a lot of sitcoms. 

- problematic adj. 成问题的

eg:Bim knew there were problematic things about America.

- hierarchy n. 等级制度

eg: I had a whole vision of myself and where I would fit in the hierarchy.

- strategy n. 策略

eg:  I had a whole strategy planned out.

- conceited adj. 自大的，自满的

eg: I was going to be the everyman who was also very cool, incredibly bright, very beautiful, very popular, but wasn't conceited. 

- quintessentially 典型的

eg: In fact, not just any old part of America, but a quintessentially American corner of America. And that's summer camp.

- institution n. 惯例，习俗

 eg: Summer camp's an institution they didn't really have in either of the countries where she'd spent her childhood

- counselors n. 顾问，管理员
- be assigned to 被分配给...

 eg: She was hired by a company that brings in teenagers from overseas to work as counselors, and she was assigned to a camp in a very un-British location

 - vista n. 远景

 eg: You just don't get vistas like this in East London. 

 - exhilarating adj. 令人兴奋的

 eg: it was exhilarating and surprising.

 - clarity n. 清晰

 eg: and I remember thinking yet again, this moment of stark clarity, 



- embrace v. 拥抱

eg: Bim says, to embrace delight wholeheartedly and un-self-consciously.

- admonishment n.

eg: It's an admonishment.

- negligence n. 疏忽的, 不修边幅

eg: And the word he used was "negligence." 

- cultivate v. 培养

eg: why it's important to cultivate delight.

- attune v. 使协调

eg: It's one thing to be attuned to delight, but it's quite another to scrape off a sample, stick it on a slide, and place it under a microscope.

- embark v. 从事

eg: he embarked on a specific mission-- to think about delight. 

- excerpt n. 摘录

eg: Here's Ross reading an excerpt of Delight number 80 from the book, "Tomato Onboard," in his living room in Bloomington.

- smirk v. 假笑

eg: which my friend Michael gave to me, smirking about how I was going to get it home.


- naughty adj. 调皮的，不听话的

eg: Something about this at first felt naughty-- not comparing a tomato to a baby

 - exaggeration n. 夸大的

 eg: And the flight attendant asked about the tomato at least five times-- not an exaggeration

 - bumpy n. 颠婆

