# The American Life
## Topic: Making the Cut
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/729/transcript

## Listen Process
14:57/1:02:44
## New Words
- senator n. 参议员
- vaccine n. 疫苗
eg: That was true if you were a dentist in New York City, hoping to get a COVID vaccine from your state government.

- peer v. 凝视
- droplets n. 飞沫
eg: because peering closely into people's open mouths all day puts them in danger of a virus that is carried by droplets on people's breath. 

- overState v. 夸大
eg: I don't want to overstate this. 

- rollout v. 展示
eg: The vaccinations were supposedly going to start this week, the week that began Monday, January 4th, the fourth week of the vaccine rollout

- designate v. 指定
eg: she made a pretty convincing case for why dentists are not being vaccinated till week four, even though they're designated 1A.

- tick off 勾掉
- logistical 后勤的
- facilities n. 设备
- shots n. 照片
eg: She ticked off some of the many, many logistical challenges they faced. figuring out which facilities could deliver the most shots and how to staff and schedule and track hundreds of thousands of people getting vaccine.

- allocation n.分配额
- accommodate v. 容纳

eg: how much allocation do they have, how much of the other provider's staff can they accommodate, 

- numb v. 使麻木

eg: The details are so kind of mind numbing when you describe it

- immunized v.免疫的
- collide v. 冲突

eg: The situation we're in now is that the CDC made a carefully thought out plan for who should get immunized first and second and third. And then, that plan collided with reality. 

- scarce v.稀缺的

eg: scarce resources that need to go to somebody and how they end up getting allocated,

- haunt v.困扰

eg: The case haunted Dr. Scribner.

- stitch v. 缝
- implant vi. 植入

eg: a Teflon tube that could be stitched into the blood vessels of the arm and stay implanted there. 

- unwieldy adj. 难驾驭的

eg: because it was so big and unwieldy. 

- harrow adj. 痛苦，折磨
- ethical adj.道德
eg: Dr. Scribner had traded one harrowing problem, a medical one, for an equally harrowing ethical problem

- assemble v.集合
eg: So they decided to assemble a group of people. T

- documentary n. 纪录片

eg: In the documentary, their heads are darkened so you can't see their faces. 

- cruel adj. 残忍的，痛苦的

eg: it would be too cruel to force this responsibility onto someone else.

- consciences n.良心

eg: But they'd been told to use their consciences.

- complications n. 并发症

eg: There could be medical complications. 

- eliminate v. 消除

eg: Then are you proposing we eliminate this candidate on the grounds that she could not possibly accept treatment if it were offered

- sake n.理由
- reckon v.猜想
- indication n. 象征

eg: This is an indication to me of character and moral strength."

- endure vt.忍耐
- linger adj.拖延的

eg: It would also help him to endure a lingering death

- inevitable v. 不可避免的
- criteria n. 标准

eg: In the end, the people they chose were mostly men, white, and well-off-- people like them. Which seems inevitable, given the criteria they'd come up with to select for what they called social worth
