# The American Life

## Topic：Squeaker
Stories of people grappling with this endless presidential election
https://www.thisamericanlife.org/723/transcript

### Listen Process
22:14/66.51
At first, It's hard to listen clearly what the Aunouncer says . Later on, much better. 
### New Words
topic: election

curse adj. 诅咒
eg: A quick warning, there are `curse` words that are unbeeped in today's episode of this show. 

ballot n. 选票
eg: ready to start curing `ballots` and fight for every vote.

Democrat n. 民主党人
eg: 500 other Democrat volunteers who are going to go out and cure ballots in Georgia.

candidate n. 候选人
eg: the candidates were just 1,100 votes apart. 

tedious adj. 乏味的
eg: It's tedious work.

concede v. 承认、退让
fraudulent adj. 欺骗的，不诚实的
eg: President Trump has not conceded, he's called the vote counts fraudulent


militia n. 民兵组织
eg: the leader of a militia in Virginia called the Ridge Runners

disrupt v. 使混乱
intimidate v. 恐吓，威胁
eg: who they believe could disrupt the election, intimidate voters, or commit fraud.

racist n. 种族歧视者
eg: But he and his members insist they're not racist.


intense adj. 强烈的，紧张的
eg: Joe's one the most intense people I've met in the militias.

bend v. 使屈服，使紧张
eg: And they buy into all the unsupported claims Trump makes about liberals bent on election fraud and violence and the need to stop them.

suspicious adj. 猜疑的
eg: Nothing at all that was suspicious?

idle adj. 空闲的
eg: Matt, the guy in the passenger seat, is good at filling the idle time. 

confrontation n. 对抗的事物
eg: The confrontation they suited up for never happens. 

linger v. 徘徊
eg: At our last stop, we do see someone lingering outside a polling station. 

energize v. 给予能量
eg: I notice that he's energized by the encounter. 

### New phrases
unsubstantiated adj. 未经证实的
eg:The president has been pushing unsubstantiated claims of election rigging in Michigan and other crucial states.


campaign literature 竞选材料
eg:She says she comes here every election to hand out campaign literature. 


polling station 投票站
eg:The plan is to do as the president suggested-- drive to every polling station in their county in Virginia and look for problems. 

battle gear 战斗装备
eg: Everyone with me is dressed in battle gear, and they're armed to the teeth. Joe's wearing a bulletproof vest with four or five ammo clips strapped to it and a pistol in a holster.

track down 追踪

shake it off 摆脱
